[serve][docs] Add in round robin and consistent hashing router documentation (#63636)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/serve/advanced-guides/custom-request-router.md

replicas and use it in the routing policy.

(round-robin-request-router)=
## Experimental: Use the round-robin request router

`RoundRobinRouter` cycles through replicas in round-robin fashion, starting
at an arbitrary replica so routers spun up together don't synchronize on the
same first replica. If the chosen replica is at capacity, the router falls back
to the next replica in order and wraps around the candidate list. Each
router instance keeps its own cursor, so with multiple routers (for example,

> one per HTTP proxy) the fan-out is round-robin per router and approximately

Reviewer: Nit: I agree this would be the easiest example, but we're moving away from Ray Serve HTTP proxy by default.

I think "ingress deployment replica" would be harder to follow, so suggest to disambiguate with the term we use in blog post https://www.anyscale.com/blog/ray-serve-inference-lower-latency-higher-throughput-haproxy

```suggestion
router instance keeps its own cursor, so with multiple routers (for example,
one per Ray Serve Proxy) the fan-out is round-robin per router and approximately
```

Author: makes sense, done in https://github.com/ray-project/ray/pull/63636/commits/43511709a22c0c4ef55fc3d28689b984d78bdc7e

uniform across replicas in aggregate. The router mixes in
[`FIFOMixin`](../api/doc/ray.serve.request_router.FIFOMixin.rst) so queued
requests are routed in arrival order.

### When to use
Use the round-robin router when you want a predictable, even distribution
across replicas and don't need queue-length or locality-aware decisions. It
fits stateless workloads with roughly uniform per-request latency. Unlike
the default power-of-two-choices router, the round-robin router doesn't react

> to queue depth and can pile up requests behind a slow replica before falling back.

Reviewer 2: can replica still reject a request if it is at capacity? are rejected requests immediately tried on next replica in order? what does it mean to have no queue depth?

Author: > can replica still reject a request if it is at capacity?

yes, round-robin follows the rejection protocol.

> are rejected requests immediately tried on next replica in order?
- the first pass and the first retry both go through all replicas immediately without any backoff
- only after that does the router add exponential backoff before each subsequent pass

> what does it mean to have no queue depth?

power-of-two-choices router prefers less-loaded replica, but round-robin router only cares about whether the replica is below `max_ongoing_requests`.

Author: made the wordings a bit clearer in https://github.com/ray-project/ray/pull/63636/commits/55c5169e429c57c0b4309e7e45ea951ff4afee4f.
